Hey, Marco, how are you? Good, how you doing, Harris? Hey, good, good. I'm just, uh, walking inside the house, so let's, uh, start on audio if that's okay. Nice, yeah, sure. We can stay on it. Literally, just let me know. Um, thank you for taking the time. Yeah, um, my pleasure. I was re, uh, re looking at all the things you've done. You're a very impressive Renaissance woman. Oh, gosh, thank you. And I think that is what I am. Um, We'll see what it means for next steps after the post office. Yeah, that's, you're very, you're, you're making your life difficult because you're kind of learning too many diverse things. So, that is the question of how to, what, what next? But it's kind of like perfect for brain economy, to be honest. We could have, you know, there is a home for you there, but most the rest of us know that intellectual nomads. I know, I want to hear your whole story and your nomad story, and that is obviously number one on the agenda. Um, is to hear about it and congratulate you. And then to, yeah, to get some, to, I mean, just, I don't know, speak openly about kind of where I am as I'm considering next steps over the postdoc and see if you had any, you know, tell me about where my head is at and see if you had any thoughts or ideas. Some about McKenzie, some other global initiative, and some about some other stuff. Um, Yeah, awesome. Well, that's great. Well, let's keep this conversation strictly between you and I. But if you go first, tell me sort of where your head's at. Yeah. Um, about, like, practically, But then also sort of like, whatever, mission wise, sort of what, what, what you're thinking. Yeah. Okay, so right now, post-doc ends in July. and working with Nita, as I think you know. Um, that the post-doc is effectively, we're working on a bunch of projects as a lab. You might know of the neurostrust index that we're doing with the road economic forum. Um, there's some projects like that that are operating at, like, governance of tech of neurotechnology level. Um, most. I don't actually personally know Nita, but I know of her, of course. We have many colleagues in common. Um, and I know all sort of like, where she sort of pops up around the place, and I respect the work, but I don't know her at all personally. Personally, yeah. Well, yeah, I mean, small enough world or like tangentially related enough world. I mean, it seems she's, we're primarily neuro, but I think there's, you know, for example, I know she's all over LinkedIn right now with her like AI and law class. So, you know, I'm probably sure you've seen that stuff as well, but, um, coming from the PhD in like neurotech, like ethics, and I did like some legal analysis work for the dissertation, moving in the lab. It's like specifically for me, focused on neurotech. But, Um, the focus has kind of turned into brain foundation models specifically. Not sure if that's a term you know about, but like Foundation models that train on large-scale neural data sets. So that's been like the focus. I'm looking at the governance, kind of like ethics and governance questions related to kind of this like next wave. It would be like effective like the software stack for neurotech systems and then also, um, extending even beyond neurotech, large scale, neural data sets, and kind of governance question of these, feeding, uh, you know, software systems generally, or basic neuroscience, or, um, sorry, it's funny seeing myself. I probably should, I'll just like, I mean, I like my wild gesticulation, but when you're, you know, when you want to pop on, I'll do it too. But it's distracting me, to be honest. Um, and then also, there's a whole new wave in the neural AI space I'm in of neural data being used to train AI systems, which kind of obviously creates its own set of issues. Um, and starts to be ethics issues with the frontier labs. So that's been the focus for me of the postdoc so far and a bunch of other stuff I can tell you related to that. I've now been in kind of research mode, I think, um, and figuring out what comes next and talking to a bunch of folks. So, like, Cheryl, McKinsey, I think, like, I think one, trying to figure out what... Oh, just LinkedIn. Oh, cool. Yeah, she's a she's a good friend, and of course, Poly. It's great. Yeah, she spoke highly of you. That was really fun, and she has offered, kind of introduced me to either recruiters internally at Mackenzie that are doing, um, you know, you know, I asked, you know, in the AI space or, of course, in the, you know, brain initiative space. So she said she's happy to put me in touch with recruiters. And then I told her also that I was going to be talking to you and really interested, obviously, in the work you and she are doing, that's brain specific. Um, And then, yeah, out, you know, some of this like big 5 potentially is next pass. And then I think, I think in some sense, I just really want to stay close to Neuro and the network I've built out with like one foot in industry, with neural NYC, which is this nonprofit I co-founded. And some work in the governance. As you can imagine, though, governance and neuro right now, because the field is so small a niche, like neurotech specifically, there's just not really like jobs. Um, so I've thought maybe about going into the AI safety space and bringing Neuro. Anyways, I'm like, I think closing out my round of research into how to apply my skill set out in the world. And now trying to get a bit more focused about, Yeah. Um, nailing down next steps with the right folks. Does that make sense at a high level? Does. Yeah. Yeah. Very much. Um... Yeah, cool. Yeah. Um, Um, There's, you know, one, one person may be interesting for you to talk to, uh, at some stages, Jeru, Paul Zapel. Mm. Whose managing partner with the high lantern group? Oh. They run a lot of... Secretariat punches for different brain groups. Oh, so I think he, and he's interesting because he's, loves science and academia, but he works at the interface of sort of public and private, which is that interface where philanthropy sits in universities and think takes. He's just a nice person. Wow. And he runs my secretariat. Or the Global Brain Economy Initiative, which were building out rapidly with a bunch of working groups and projects and raising money for... Um, which is sort of hosted at rice, partnership with other brain groups, and anyway, it's at the moment doesn't have funding for you, but, um, is may grow to something that can house you, and it's very flexible in the sense that, um, you know, Drew and I want people like you that can traverse different sectors and look at things creatively. Anyway, so that's a sort of long rambling story about how Drew is an interesting person for you. No, I mean, I'm looking him up right now, and I definitely will want to speak with him. And I would love, I just would love to hear. I mean, of course, I've read the report. I was looking at it, one, just because it's an interesting document, even setting aside my interest in the path, and to, um, obviously looking for ways that I could be valuable or, you know, again, as pro uh, market, product market fit or something. Um, But like the brain health versus the brain skills distinction, I think is really interesting. I was so curious about like where you guys are starting 1st with all the different like activities that are laid out in the dock or what the priority is. I hear, yeah, your fundraising. That's real, I'm curious about that. And I'm also curious about your relationship with, with McKenzie and how you're in the full, like how, how rice, and you work with McKenzie, what that, like, organizational structure is like. Cool. Yeah, cool. All right, let me, uh, let me take a couple minutes to frame that up for you. those various points. Um, I think the 1st thing to say is that... The brain economy, you did macroeconomics, I saw. You did a little bit of that, didn't you? I did economics for undergrad, and I was at Oxford for years where I did my honors thesis during my undergrad, yeah. Yeah, it's kind of funny that you are doing what you're doing now, that you have this other context points that most people that you work with probably don't have. So, so I'm completely orthogonal, and the brain economy is completely orthogonal, and it's, you know, obviously I think that it makes sense, but it's upsetting the apple cart of a lot of people, as you can imagine, because it's sort of resetting the, it's sort of resetting the table. Yeah. So the, You know, and it's many things, right? Like it's partly a story. It's potly a global economic transition. founded in science, but it's got financing policy pieces. It's got there's a lot of pieces to it. Each is pushing at a frontier. Um, and it's not something from an academic perspective that's linear. You know, the brain economy is like a speedboat. that's trying to Zig and zag as geoeconomics, geotechnology and geopolitics changes. Yeah. So I'm not, you know, I like science, but I'm also like, um, I'm from rural Australia, even though now I live in America, so I sort of not, I'm not really that prone to believing dogma. Yeah. And the way that people tell me things need to be and the way that people try to pretend like they should be and the power structure should be. sort of like egalitarian or slightly, politely, with a smile anti-authoritarian, if you know what I mean. I do. Happy President's Day. What's that? Happy President's Day. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Um, yeah, so, so how I got to the brain economy, is, you know, I saw patients for a long time in rural areas and 1st Nations communities and blah, blah. I worked in science, I worked in hospital management. Wow. Uh, for a while, um, I did a PhD. I'm not a proper scientist, like I never was really that like bloody-minded about one area. So like my PhD was doing a bunch of studies with a bunch of teams and then just like slapping them together and saying, I was looking at multimodal approaches to the pack of physiology of geriatric depression. And so that's how I sold my thesis. Yep. But I'm not actually, like, sitting up at night thinking about, you know, the pathophysiology of geriatric depression, if you know what I mean? Like that's very important area. But it's not something that I'm sort of niche focused on. Yeah. Yeah. So when I was doing my PhD, First of all, I never lived. And, like, went much to the university that I got the degree from. I was mostly in UCLA on my full bright, and I was doing this work to get the thesis done, to get the science good enough, and I was looking at transdisciplinary science, which is really represents what you are, you're a transdisciplinary scientist, that, it's just this, it's this sort of higher order beyond disciplinarity that tries to take every known science and fuse and push them and try to fuse them, fuse them together. Yeah. For a specific end result. So for me, that was improving brain health. Interesting. So I started like theorizing and daydreaming about what this could be, and that ultimately led me to, like, edit this book with Oxford Press on, it ended up being called convergence mental health, but you could see essentially it's about me having had a lot of experiences and trying to figure out how to bring things together and sort of create systems change, and be respectful of every other discipline, but also say, like, no, it's not working. You know, like, why is it that we all think we're doing really important work in our little niche, but the problem of mental health, neurological health, you know, and literacy numeracy just keeps getting worse. Like, I don't want to spend my life. You know, thinking that I'm doing something. It's working this fucking not working. Yeah. Like, literally, and so... will not be able to work. Yeah. I mean, it's just, like you said, too limited in the framing and the, Yeah. Totally, totally. So, so, you know, brain capital. So I worked in startups as well. I should say so, I got very interested in the role of boards and governance, and, you know, CEO leadership, uh, when that works well, and that doesn't work well, and, you know, sales and intellectual property, and I'm not an expert at anything, but I, I've, like, maybe, like, a good guy from rural Australia, which was, like, throw myself into things and try to figure it out and figure out which way is up, and so the brain economy, what you see now is really a result of bringing all that together. and trying to infect other people with this way of thinking and then empower them. Um, whether they're, and say that in, like, the nicest way, right? Like, I'm not, I'm funded by philanthropy. Yeah. and funded by a hospital, CEO, and funded by a couple of other small, like private companies and stuff, but so I'm not like making 1000000s and 1000000s of dollars. So I'm, I'm not, when I say that I'm the things that I'm doing, I'm doing it for the, for the greater good, if you will, and I prefer to put other people on stage and empower them, because this is a big idea, and I cannot do it myself. So, so, but anyway, so coming up in this, you know, brain capital, you know, is important as an instrument to say that it's an asset, you know, brains are infrastructure, brains should be measurable, can be measurable. So brain capital is the best way that I could find to bring it all together. You know, integrating brain health and brain skills. So, obviously, that's integrating psychiatry, mental health, neuroscience, you know, education, labor, all these things are sort of coming together in brain capital and stuff, you know, obviously a lot of what I'm doing is when I say a current economy is brain negative, it's depleting brain capital. Now that we have this index, we can show that and measure it. Wow. And so we need to transition to be brain positive. And that comes from studying other economic transitions like natural capital transition, where a bunch of ecologists, uh, uh, maybe 20 years ago, started realizing like, oh, so like ocean health is bad. Forest health is bad. Biodiversity is going in the wrong direction. We're all seeing these mutual problems, but we don't, we're all in our own silos. So maybe if we say natural capital, the sort of the stock of nature is a thing, then we can measure ourselves together and we can come together and the synergy of our work can convince power structures to take us seriously. So they created natural capital. Wow. Which measure those things. And now, there are entire, like, multi-trillion dollar sort of financial industries built around financing natural capital. Um, So I'm sort of skipping over a lot of details. No, no, no, I'm listening. So like, yeah, I'm listening avidly. Yeah, so, uh... You know, some people in the brain field have no fucking clue what I'm doing because they're not, they're not really able to keep up with, like, the intensive cross-pollination of discipline, and that's fine because I'm a weird dude. But, but just so you know, like, this is all grounded on, that my day-to-day is, like, calling experts around the world and integrating their ideas and them into papers, projects, workgroups, whatever. Like, this is constantly iterating, um, Anyway. So that's the brain economy transition is about how do you fundamentally flip industries for brain negative to brain positive, and, you know, so how do you do that? How do you measure it? How do you define it? You know, blah, blah, blah. So I'm interested in what are we doing in food systems, climate systems, education systems, health systems, you know, internet systems, you know, you can define these things many ways. And as you know now that you're in science, the way that we define things and develop taxonomies is completely, Once you get into the weeds, it's very subjective, isn't it? Like, you and I can build things and then we get the data to justify the taxonomy. you know, Yeah. And then it's just a, it's just a question of who's got the best story and who's got the most compelling story and I, I'm being a little bit, like, cynical, but, you know, you get what I'm saying, like, you know, the, the, the way that we operate society is, is completely built by people. So you and me are people, so we can propose another way to do it. Anyway, so like the good news is, Margo, is that, you know, where, you know, bullet at this made a lot of sense. And a lot of the people around me, you can look at the incentives of why they're interested. So why does WEF like me is because they want to, like, package up this stuff and sell it to their membership base, which is corporations. Yeah. Um, which is fine. Why does Mackenzie like me? Because they legitimate have a philanthropy arm called the MHI, which wants to do good stuff for the world. So that's great. But they also, of course, you know, are thinking that perhaps they can develop frameworks out of this, to sell to clients. But that's like, for them, that's a distant second. They're primarily Cheryl and Kana. Uh huh. You know, who I met serendipitously, right? And how do I work with them? It's just through a sheer luck. And, like, mutual interest, and, like, trust a lot of trust. Mm hmm. Um, you know, they're by far and away the impact oriented impact first. They're not here to talk about how to monetize this, but, um, Yeah. Anyway, so the, the, my position with McKinsey is I'm a senior advisor to them. So we, you know, I, I, I work with them on things that they need and an academic think tank side. Um, if some of their clients need some of my specialized help, whether not necessarily in brain economy and like, you know, some random thing that I did previously, like, I helped them a little bit with clients, but mostly, I just work with them on, like, think tank, stop. Mm hmm. Yep. Um, so, so, getting in with McKenzie is extremely, is extremely, like there's no, there's, to be a senior advisor to them, there's like no door for that. It's just like, I don't even know how it happens, to be honest. Here, like, I waited out. Well, you can, though, absolutely, become, like, go through the processes that Cheryl described to you, where you become, like, a full-time Kinsey person, where you become, like, a, you're going to win there as a engagement manager or some sort of person, and they, like, train you rapidly. Mm-hmm. Like, there's, for sure, that that is the pathway. But I don't I'm not full time with them. So my pathway is different. Yeah. Um, but and certainly like your skill set would be hugely interesting to McKinsey because they're all about AI. And now, as you know, their CEO is talking about brains and AI. So they, they, they like going public with all this shit and they need to figure out how to service and provide, you know, tools to, to, to companies and governments and shit to, to do this. Yes. Um, yeah, I'm on that last point just because there's just an enormous amount of follow up points and questions and thoughts and response, everything you've just said, but I am meeting with. So, uh, my cousin is, uh, she's amazing, uh, French, uh, tenure, both at Harvard Business School and Harvard Kennedy School. I think the 1st woman to be double tenured across them. And she, yeah, she's amazing. And I just saw them like family this past weekend. And so she's going to put me in touch with the head of AI at McKenzie. Um, Which, again, is a different path than this brain path. Um, but, like, even just talking to you is helpful because, you know, I even would like to have thoughts on a strategy going into McKenzie that keeps me involved in these types of projects, right? So talking to you is helpful in terms of like strategizing. Um, because I think I'm hesitant to, Given everything that I'm doing and I've done a neuro, just go straight into McKinsey in some like post PC path and go into like some, right, health vertical. and just be a fucking meat grind. L literally. Yeah, I just like, waste your talent, yeah. Yeah, and like, I don't know, the network, it's like even, you know, I have a follow-up here to talk to you about Charlie, you know, from Sharper Sense. I have an idea to kind of pitch you completely separate from our conversation for neural NYC for next September. But, okay, so this is, 1st of all, I just really admire your expertise. I know you said you're not an expert, but the kind of, and I know you, but I know you acknowledge that like, this level, like, abstracting up to the level where you're operating across fields, right, and bringing together, like, disciplines. I mean, it reminds me actually a lot of AI and how we're going to have multimodal models that are creating insights about, you know, the human world that humans have not even considered because our discipline is, you know, because of the disciplinarian divides and stuff. And I think like, this work you're doing to be supra field is really interesting and I really admire it. I envy it. I think what I've been trying to do in a, in a way, in this post-doc with, or what I've gravitated towards is like, talking to AI safety labs, that have nothing to do with neuro, talking to, um, a bunch of people in like bio, uh, space that are like integrating, um, or that are like thinking about introducing the biological substrate into, right, like the brain AI space. Um, just like, that's just like cutting edge. Oh, it's clean edge. Well, unfortunately, so here I'm working really the bleeding edge. Both of the governance space and of the, like, my interest. Like, for example, I should show you a couple things I'm going to. This I'm doing in March. I'm doing it through neural NYC, but basically I dreamt it up with a London-based firm that does, uh, fertility tech and then also brain AI interfaces, like 7 years out to do like an MEG sensor, but so they're funding this and it's going to be some amazing people. Um, I would love to keep you up, you know, up to date about this. Folks, hopefully out west that are doing BCI firms and stuff, and then these are all brain foundation models. But then also, and this is, I promise I won't do this for too long, but, um, one more thing I wanted to show you, this event I'm going to in Vienna. I'm going over to Paris next week for the AI ethics AI safety. Symposium and trying to bring Neuro into that conversation. Um, and then there's this strange little one day, half day symposium, Vienna has a bunch of tacos you probably know, and, um, they're doing basically some stuff on whole brain emulation, like really, really cutting edges. This is like, you know, 50 years out stuff. Um, but with near term time frames with some stuff, Um, and companies that are doing this. And so, I find myself so drawn to the cutting edge, but may, but in some sense, because I think it all kind of belongs together under the same umbrella. Um, and so, you know, and yet I don't really have the resources. Like, so like having one foot in neural NYC, which is an industry group, right, to be, I mean, it's really fun there, because it's like I'm trying to think about the training pipelines, like supply demand for kind of labor right now in neurotech, and how's that going to be building out and talking to folks at Oxford that are doing, you know, like, uh, research-based training programs, and all these random people, and I've been thinking about doing like a state of the field report of neurotech, and, like, what it, like, bringing across the lack of like cybersecurity, like folks that are involved in neural right now when it comes to it because Neuro just hasn't incorporated that expertise yet because it's still so nascent. But then I find that, like, you know, but like, this is not like, so what you've done is accomplished, you know, it's just so cool to see and hear how you did when I'm, you know, trying to put together on my end. so effectively in bringing it to Davos and turning into something so substantive and finding like the hooks into capitalism of the capital C, right? So that McKenzie cares about thinking about the brain. Right, skills. And so when, you know, even for me, I was thinking neurotech companies are going to be able to say this technology, organizations can use our technology to increase focus and productivity at work. And they will be able, you know, McKinsey will be able to have some kind of like, you know, and and and the initiative will be able to say this is why this is valuable or not, according to what you've built. Um, that's even in my little corner of the world. And so, yeah, just acknowledging that expertise you have, I don't know, is one that I'm trying to, yeah. Yeah, I, I, I love all of what you're saying. You, you know, I'm, I'm a bit older than you. I'm 37 now. Um, I'm 38. Okay. Yeah. Okay. We're the same age then, okay? Okay. I thought I was older. No. They, um, they were just, they were just having a, it's raining here, so I'm a bit down. No, but it doesn't to me. Yeah, I mean. Well, so, but... Getting this thing to show you, while you're talking, I'm getting this weird conference to show you. So... there are so many things that I want to say. On the topic of... Here's a funny one. Oberlin College. Have you met a guy called George Fredenberg? Who's a philanthropist that lives between DC and New York? No. Check his profile out. His last name is VRAD. Uh huh. E N B U R G. Oh. He's the big Overland guy. Wow. And he is one of my philanthropic supporters, and he's a friend. He's in his 80s. Yeah. And I, my senses you're talking is, you need... Some freedom and some runway. Hmm. And some funding. to, like, you're already doing things that are mature, but, I mean, and maybe you disagree with me, but my sense is, you need some, you need some, enough freedom, but still some support. Uh, you are your own person. You're not... You're having such creative original ideas that no one's gonna be able to really, quote unquote, supervise you. Is that an accurate statement? Yeah, I think you're a supervisable because you're so interdisciplinary and cross industry that it's a like there is no personal on the planet that could do that. Certainly not need a, um, like, for whatever that's worth from my perception, but just talking through that point about sort of, do you agree with my point about there's no one that can really supervise you? I mean, I think... I think the reality is, for a long time, I've thought that I had to defer to other people, to help guide, and that's also the problem in academia, right? is like, you, you kind of end up knowing so much that you have so much humility in the face of everything, um, that I think, I just always assume that someone, or I have historically always assumed that someone knows what to, you know, what it's supposed to look like, the next steps. What I've been finding, though, like you're saying, and I actually got in the conversation 2 days ago about wanting to have some freedom and runway to build all this out. Is that, like, what I just consider, Like, all the stuff I'm doing that I'm making up completely from scratch is is just, is not, I won't, well, it's between you and me. is like despite Nita, all the intuitions of me building Sprain Foundation model thing and bringing together experts from across all these different disciplines and finding the networks of people and building it out. That's been completely me making it up from scratch. In fact, like, you know, she's like just go work for McKenzie for 2 years and just like get some some some strong, you know, some hard skills. And I just, like, don't agree with that at all. And so, yeah, I think it's been interesting for me. to realize that I think what I want to do, um, isn't something, you know, that, you know, experts around me that are experts in these narrow areas, would be able to go build the way I'm building from scratch, if that makes sense. But it's kind of an it's a new thing. It's a new thing for me. But I had a conversation a couple days ago with this woman who's a neuroethicist our field and she said, wow, I really think it was actually, it was very cool. She said, I'm getting shivers. I feel like you are gonna change the neurotech ecosystem. She's like, you're really at the top of the tip of the spear with this stuff. And to me, it's just at this point intuitive. to build it out and to try to see how it all fits together is a big adult as all the puzzle pieces. Um, but yeah. Well, I can see that as you're talking it, isn't it? Kind of intuitive, which you can only get because you've been down so many rabbit holes, actually. Right, yeah. You're sort of figuring it out how to put it all together in a way that no one else can, which is exactly the way that I operate. Wow. It's very intuitive. Um, and I'm not, like, doing exactly what you're doing. There's obviously a shitload of buggle app, but, like, my world is, like, regional economic development. Yeah, it is. Compet, companies, um, uh, industrial sectors, like that's the way that my brain works for, well, I don't know why it does, but it's very intuitive for sure. Well, so maybe, let me, I don't think I really haven't met someone like you before, so let me ask you another question. What is, if you could have an entity that you led? What would that look like? So, like, is it, and just to give you some bullets, like, is it an entity that's like an umbrella? of startup activities and academic things and think tanky things and policy things. Uh, you know, or, you know, or how, and if you could give that, if you could give it a label and a name and a mission statement, have, what would that be? And as I say that, it's a very, that's a very complex question, which you may not have the answer to. But it'd be interesting to get, like, for you to force yourself and even use ChatGPT to try to figure it out. Yeah. Unless you've done that already. But what is that thing? Because I'm trying to figure out, is that something that fits into the brain economy perfectly, in which case you could, you know, you could run something with like, like, with like very light supervision. Or is that something completely separate and then we need to think about how do we help you stand that up and get that funded for you? with a couple of years of runway. Well this is so fun. Um, so, this is a very, so, this is such a good question, and, um, I think, as I've been having all these conversations, I'm just gonna spitball a couple loose thoughts to you if I were to try to characterize it right now, um, in response to this question. I think my interests are. And I don't know how this turns into something practical. Basically having a very precise and rich and like robust understanding of the scientific reality of the space. And I think that's where, like, this event that I'm doing right now, it's to be like, you have a researcher at Yale that believes that the way to get to the best Brain Foundation models is to have, like, single neuron measurement, which means that we can't do that with humans at scale, which means that we need to do it with animals, and so it's all animal at scale. Then there's some folks that are like, no, scaling law, like we're seeing with the frontier labs, right, is the approach. It doesn't really matter. It can be EEG, it can be low quality, like it's about the scale of it and the compute. Then you have other folks who are saying it's about the sensors, the sensors need to be this, right? And they're coming from these narrow disciplines, and they're thinking about these questions that, to your point, are ultimately convergence questions. This is a small, this is a very, very small corner of neuro AI is, is basically using neuro AI using AI for neuro, and not just neural data, but templates. So what I mean is like, and then the biological substrate, forget about it, right? And like whether we'll ever have a mechanistic understanding of the brain or whether it's always gonna be big data, predictive questions. So I'm even just trying to map out right now, who believes what scientifically about the brain and how AI is going to help us understand it, or maybe understanding will never be achievable. And so what kind of, what's the closest we can get to be able to have high performance around diagnostics or around, you know, for health, but also for, you know, beyond health. Fine. the scientific piece. So that's kind of, and the 2nd piece for me is, I think, asking really long timelines around the ethics and governance. That's just my personal thing. So, it would be like, You're saying dream of dreams, right? You're giving me a lot of, like, latitude here to make, would be, like, you know, thinking along the timelines that investors that I'm seeing on calls are making a, you know, 100 year, 1000000000 whole brain emulation in terms of investment. I would like to think 100 years about like governance, starting from like tomorrow for any kind of race we're in for neuro or AI. to like 100 years. And that is fun for me because then it's kind of like, it's not like an AI safety institute, right? But its kind of thinking of these longer terms issues for human flourishing, that neurotech will present. Neurotech, I hear mean like broad, like broadly. So I think it would be something like using the, like bringing convergence to all of these different disciplines, so that there's something operating at a, at a higher level of abstraction than just theoretical neuroscience, which itself would be too limited, right? You would have to work across all these fields to get an understanding of what's going on. And that would have to be constantly updated under and discussed and so forth. And then it would be using that to be, like, really the cutting edge of understanding, like, the impact for humans. And working then with the AI safety experts and stuff like that to use best practices for kind of like governance. That not overly restrictive and not burdensome and not yada, yada. But that thinks at a longer time. So, yeah, I think if I'm dreaming right now based on all the conversations I've had, it would look something like that. Um, okay. So it's. Okay. Does that make sense? You know, it does, no, it does. it does. And so I'm trying to think if I, if I put the, put the hat on of, how can I help you to put the wheels on the road and give that some structure? Yeah. One thing we could consider is. Does this become a working group of the global brain economy initiative? Which, I don't know, we just call it like brains and AI, eh? Where you run that working group and you select who you want to be involved. You know, and it doesn't actually need to start as a work group and just start as like a thematic pillar. Yes. So that you're, you're, you're able to do what you want, but it's nested within a bunch of smart strategy consultants that help people like you convert our intuition into more robust sort of plans and things that business people in philanthropists understand better. Yeah. You know, like, the way that I have success is I'm surrounded by people that help me to render my things sometimes dreams into, like, sort of just, like, sort of more street, streetwise stuff. Totally legible. and interesting too, right? Like those stakeholders. that, yeah. Yeah, exactly. That's, So, So that's, that's one thing we could consider, um, The problem is, is that I have no funding for that right now. So, and that structure, just so, you know, like that, right now that looks like it's hosted at Rice University. in partnership with University Texas Medical Branch and the Davos Alzheimer's collaborative. Mm-hmm. Um, and on the steering committee is McKinsey Health Institute, Milken Institute, WEF, may join the, um, the steering committee. But frankly, this thing is growing, like we're talking to donors, um, corporate donors, uh, other private families, and, you know, like UC Berkeley may join. And it may end up being, and it's the secretariat is run by the High Lantern group, which is Drew. Yep. And so one of the funders is George, who's the Oberland grad. So, so, and we all love, you know, AI dynamics, but none of us are thinking in the way about it that you're thinking about it. But of course, it totally is relevant to the brain economy. If, you know, we're thinking about, you know, economic structures in society and brain and AI interface. So then the question for you is, like, could you could you design like a two-year program? of what you want to do and how you want to run it, um, and outputs and like resources that you need. Yeah. in a way that, of course, none of us are gonna steal the idea because none of us fucking know what you know. So there's no risk of that. No, there's trust. trust already. And it's trust, yeah. And then the other thing is, You know, do do you have, do you have potential funders that could cede funders? Um, So that, so, you know, as I am trying to raise money as well on my end and like once you meet Drew, you'll learn that we have a big pipeline of donors. Yep. And actually, none of them are big tech companies. So like you probably have those. So anyway, we could sort of collaborate together on that, but you can imagine like there's a there's a whole discipline behind the way that we do things with High Lantern and McKinsey. Yeah. So that, that, that's a, that's a model in the interest of the fact that you and I have just met where it would be more like you get light supervision and we render all of your great ideas and your horsepower into the structure of an economic transition. Yeah. And we sort of, you know, this is like the platform that, like, structures, the California brain economy plan with the governor's office and goes to the G7 and the G20 and the WEF every year. And we're just sort of like nailing these these either large regional and sort of projects or we're nailing multilateral entities or nation state sort of is the target. Um, you know, for example, then I'll stop on this, just bit of just sort of give you a little bit more context. The, the, the thing that I'm most excited about at the moment is taking all of the working groups that we have and all the insights and data and frameworks into a way that speaks to the G20, uh, which the US government is the president of this year. Okay. And its primary focus is on economic growth, innovations that the U.S. can take credit for and then sort of convince the rest of the world that America is the best for economic growth. Which all of this is very sort of bullshit because it's Donald Trump, but... unpragmatic, right? So I want to say to Donald Trump, the brain economy is an economic growth driver that no one has thought of before, and it's based in America. And, you know, we have a chamber of commerce in Houston that's doing it. And, you know, we have a bunch of big private companies that are doing it and thinking about it. So, like, you know, let's talk and have a dialogue uh, on brain economy with the G20 and with the, with the biggest engagement group is the B20, which is the Chambers of Commerce of all of the G20 nation states. Wow. So, like, that's that's what my specialty is, is in seeing the pathway to get the G20 interested. But, you know, so I have lots of lots of weaknesses and things that I don't know, but anyway, so that's a model, you know, if that interests you about sort of a subdivision of the global brain economy initiative where you fit and then how it all sort of maps together. Oh, yeah, and I'm even thinking, I mean, you know, wheels are spinning as rapidly as they can. Um, Well, I'm under caffeinated today, but around, um, Like you said, this 2 year program, what I could think there. And then there's a shorter term, like even just thinking about how to contribute to that project for you with kind of the way in which, like, the stuff I know about. The, right, uh, the domains or the technologies or the companies that have these shorter term timelines that we'll be able to contribute to economic growth for, you know, for brain health and brain skills, which seem to be what it seems to make, those are the 2 verticals, right? And that contribute, that, that are currently under, um, acknowledged and under, as part of that economic. yeah near and near to things, right? You're thinking a lot about advanced stuff. It's super important. It's a bit more in the minds of a decision, a bit more sci-fi at the moment. Yeah. And that's very important. But I, you know, I get, obviously, I've been criticized for a long time about being too sci-fi and too abstracted from, you know, sort of main street America, if you will. So, like, that's why a little bit of what you see from me now is a bit more like, this is from Main Street, you know, because I don't want to get, yeah, I've never I got to be pragmatic. I got to raise money to keep the wheels keep the wheels moving. Yeah, I mean, why that's compelling for me too, is like, so something you said, something I struggled with is I did the PhD working with a privacy philosopher, learning extraordinarily like, nuanced ways of thinking about privacy harms and conceptual, right? I mean this is the kind of work I was doing for the PhD and also interviewing all these companies and starting neural NYC. Now I'm with Nita, who's a lawyer, who's great and doing a lot of very practical applied law and governance, right? But I have not, since 5 years working at Warrie Parker in operations, been around people, thinking about, like, like you said, the the consultants and the strategists that are helping, that I'm even listening to the language they're talking about, even listening to the ways that they're taking ideas and making them practical and like legible, again, to like capitalism friendly, you know, is like a space I've been trying to get to. Um, and just, like, I have not, like, the post-toc, more applied sure, but still not in that. that's the direction I've been wanting to go. So as you talk about being able to be embedded in that environment or exposed to it, it's exactly where I want to be. I was thinking about going down. Staffold, right? environment, you're right. It's an environment, an ecosystem, a scaffold that lets people like you and me, like, slowly render our stuff in a way that is coherent to the economy, too will. Yeah, and I, and I think that what's funny is, like, what you've done is extremely compelling, and, and there's definitely the sci-fi stuff in there, and there's a longer, obviously, there's a longer term implications, and there's, right? But it's, but you found a way to also make it relevant today to the major political, right? world and groups. And I think like, so what's fun with you now thinking about this is I could imagine a world in which this sounds obviously extremely compelling to think of that program, the brains and AI, thematic pillar, you know, you, we could talk about that the way that's structured. And then what that is scoped as, you know, and then also, For this nearer term, like either a piece of that, that's the near term, or ways in which just the kind of subject matter expertise or areas and domains that I'm in right now could benefit, like you said, this kind, it sounds like it's the next year, the G20, the B20 kind of like economic drivers with brain, you know, um, from brain. Everything, right? mine, more brain AI, but, and I'm, and I'm wondering, yeah, if there's a way to kind of think about doing them both at once for me, or me, like to walk away from this meeting and kind of put together a plan that incorporates both of them or something. And then the funding, The seed funding for that, I'm not sure. There's some folks. I probably could go to. Um, For that? But I'm not certain. Um, Yeah, and I've never done that. Um, That's cool. That's cool. That's what, um, it's not, that's not, that's not essential. It all starts with a good plan, right? And then money flows easily after that. So... I would say go ahead and start designing, like, a two year program. Yeah. Um, and don't spend, obviously, too much time on it, like, just be a bunch of stuff you've already got into ChatGPT kind of thing, but it's just enough that, like, Drew can get it and George Franzberg can get it. Um, and then on the topic of weaving you into things sooner than later, also send me a, like, an abstract and a bio sketch or a keynote that you would like to give that would get you the most excited that tries to sort of render your work in the context of brain economy speak. Yep. And then I can almost certainly find you a spot to give a talk in front of a bunch of people that are influential. So exciting. And then also, you know, sometimes with people like Mita, I don't know how infrastructure would you and her, but, you know, I had thought of her as a speaker for the G20B20 stuff, because I feel as if I haven't worked with her. Yeah. that I know that I eventually should. And so I was trying to find a platform that she would become with, um, you know, so that in the spirit of, you know, an olive branch or whatever. Yeah, I mean, that would be, I mean, exciting for her. I would be happy to, you know, whatever, help build out what. More so, I mean, if it helps you, right? Like... Yeah, I mean... It may not help you, so if it doesn't help you, then you just tell me, and I think about not doing that, or... Yeah, I'm sure it would help me. Um, especially, you know, it's not that I would go now and tell her. You know, I've definitely mentioned, I mean, you, I think in September when I said we met and the stuff you're doing is so interesting. But it's not that I would now go tell her that I'm doing this, but I think at some point I would say, right, the kind of interest in moving forward with some of this stuff we're talking about with her. Um, and I think then, that strengthens, I'm sure that strengthens the bridge between her and me, right, moving forward, but, Um, And she's also great and she's a great speaker. I don't know, like how important it would be for you to have her. Like, in the context of the programming that you guys are doing, but, um, somewhat, you know, but in the brain economy context, you know, she represents one of the important constituents out of about 25. So... Interesting. Well, listen, I want to go... If there's anything else that I, that you recommend I read, other than the report, which of course I'll be, you know, I'll spend some time, more time with. Um, as I think about it, it's really, it's just, I think it's just really exciting to be thinking about channeling these ideas. I mean, I know you're in academia, but it just seems like the platform you have allows you to just be operating outside of the culture and the world of academia so much of the time. Um, And it's, I mean, I, yeah. Well, let me ask you a question. Are you allowed to call the papers if I send you some papers that we haven't development? Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Okay. Well, I'm gonna send you some things. Secondly, on the academic side, just, again, between you and I... Definitely. You know, you can imagine, I do not get much respect inside of universities. Ugh, it's just so... Because I'm not interested in their instead of... Yeah, yeah. Um, but, so, like, that Rice University, for the last three years, I've been pushing what I do, and I've been called lots of names, because they don't, they don't really get it. They don't get it. They don't get it. And then, it was funny in Davos. 13 executives from Ross Kane. And they saw me, like, polishing a report with Waff, and convening all these people, and having all these conversations about projects, and launching a global brain capital index. And they were just like, this is amazing. Like, this is great for our brand. Wow. So now they more so like it, but they still don't get it, Margot, like this thing that you're doing, and that I'm doing, where you intuitively sort of swim between disciplines and stand up, rapid things, to spock projects, and move, sort of, it's too nimble and too agile for them. Yeah. It doesn't Ghana lodge government grants, like, which is their main focus. So, you know, I don't... I don't really fit inside of a university. Like, I love them, but... but doesn't really work. Uh, that, yeah. No, it's really interesting. I'm reading Karen Howe's Empire of AI. I dont know if you've read that. It's so good. And she, she starts charting, uh, the, uh, deep learning neural network stuff going on in the 2000s, 2010s when they started getting so much funding at these big tech companies and then all of these researchers. from universities start moving, right, start moving over at all the tech companies and, um, because they're just like quitting PhDs, right? That it's kind of like carving out, uh, like the, like the, the, you know, academia, um, and that like a lot of it's not, and so you see now like more than ever these like major collaborations and publishing and all this kind of work, you know, technical work between academia and industry. And it just seems like we're, which is, you know, that's like the deep technical work and they have the, the, the funding for the compute and all this kind of stuff required that I could, that academics don't, but it really just, as I was reading that, it's just occurred to me like how outdated the current academic model is, we know that across everything, right? you know, the students and the, and, and yet I'm like, I, I remember being in the PhD and wanting to go do all this stuff, like getting interdisciplinary convenience with people, and, um, like, I, you know, between you and I, I'm in the midst of kind of doing round taper, tables with some pretty senior Senate folks with major neurotech, industrialists or something. And it just feels like, um, that draws from academia, but is not inclusive to it, but it's like all of that was just completely uninteresting. All of those instincts to build out neural NYC was just so interesting to the academic work I was doing to the, you know, to my advisor and stuff. And it's just like, To me, it doesn't make sense. It's also not like in the trend we're seeing of the role academia should be playing, right? They should be going up to you like, thank God, you're making us, you're, you're making us more, like, valid, right? Thank God that you're You know what I mean? Like, they should be like, thank God, you are justifying the role of academia in a moment when the role is itself being like challenged. Right? Anyways, that's a long way to get there. No, but you're right. And so... what... I mean, what I would say is a couple things. There are some things of higher end positioning to move towards, like, public impact to, like, protect themselves against criticism of the Trump administration, which is accurately calling them to effete and disconnected. So there's like the Pew Foundation has this network of public impact universities. And, like, you know, so like, there are some people that are trying to do that, but there's also a difference between when a bunch of university bosses say that the kind of things you and I do are important, but there's a difference between that and, like, the thousands of faculty that they have, that don't change and don't give a shit. Yeah, yeah. And, and, like, hate the Trump administration for criticizing them, that they're to a feed or hate, that they can't just focus on H index. But the other thing that I wanted to say is, I was looking at this, um, uh, neuro NYC website, um, that you guys put up. Yeah. And with all, like, the companies, labs, clinics, unders. Yep. Like, you're essentially, like this is an instrument for economic development for New York City. Yeah. Like, this is gold, and it's good for patients. It's good for so many people. So, you write, like, that people can't see the value. Oh. is fucking crazy, because I can tell you what I did with this when I saw it. I was like, first of all, I was like, amazing. When I see Charles next, I'll tell him very impressive, and when I talk to you, I'll tell you. Yeah. I immediately send it to the Houston Chamber of Commerce. Wow. We need to copy this in Houston. Yep. Um, We'd be happy to help. I mean, I don't want to spread myself too thin with the neuron ways, but like, I, I, I think we're calling it Hub of Hubs. Remember? We came to the event and Charlie presented and I was there and I think, um, I've been trying to figure out how we can be. going, like I told you, I'm going to Paris and I'm doing a neural NYC in Paris to see if there's a way I can kind of like bring our presence there. There some folks in Berlin that want to talk about doing a similar thing, you know, in Berlin, and like it's not our, like right now, I think, There's disagreement within the group about whether or not we focus specifically on New York. which is fine, I think, to develop it, but then to what degree we also, like you were saying, help other folks build it out as the model. Um, Well, I could try to get you a small consult thinking, um, in Houston to help them. Yeah, that would, that would be amazing. I mean, I would probably, I would happily personally do that and or on behalf of neural NYC, or we could talk about a way that neural NYC is a group, does that? Um, it's a nonprofit. Um, Okay. Yeah. I understand. Let me, 1st of all, just send it to the head of the centrephege since future. I already sent it, but I'll just tell him, you know, you're the person. Yeah. Behind it, then could... That's so cool. That can help. Um, yeah, and actually Charlie did say, I mean, he just like, I don't know, he, whenever I mention your name, he's like, I love him. Tell him I say hi. And he just had a baby. I don know if you knew that. Oh, no, I didn't tell him, I said, good day. I like him very much. Yeah, he's a good guy. He's a good guy. And we, separately, different day, but wanted to reach out to you about whether or not we could be in September for some of the brain initiative stuff be something. Do a happy hour for you guys or, you know, be affiliated in some way. Um, which can be a separation. Just contact Powals, Hubota. Great. Um, and he's the one that's planning it all out. You just hit him up, and let's get it on the books. We're doing it. We've confirmed steel case again, September 22nd. Yep. So... You can do, like, a little, like, demo session in the side with all various neurotech companies that want to do that from New York, or, you know, whatever. You guys just get creative, whatever is reasonable. That would be awesome. Yeah, I think it's great. Yeah, I mean, I think he had some idea. I'll send it over. Do you want me to CC you or just work directly with? Doesn't matter. CCV? Sure. Yeah. But then you guys are going to a lot. Cool. Um, wait, I'm just so appreciative of your questions. Um, that are so incisive and your feedback and your support. Um, It's felt honestly just between you and me. I mean, The intuition and my renewed confidence, I presented the brain initiative a couple weeks ago with Nita, and it just went extremely well. Um, and I think just like my, I'm just very excited to be out in the world doing this at higher pace and, um, but I think like, it's, it's just felt very, it's, it's felt exhausting to be doing like so many things at once and like the exact thing that, that thrills probably both of us about all these different pieces and pulling them together is also like, you know, you're kind of stretched thin. Um, by nature, by like, by dint of the process. So it's just really, and like to what end, you know, I think I've been like, I'm doing it because I love it so much and I'm insatiably curious and I can't help wanting to talk to all these people and figuring out the way it all fits together in a meaningful way. But it's fun to talk to you who's done it and turned it into something, and there's paths for the right people to be involved and to, for there to be resources and the right place for it. So thank you. No, no, you know, um, it's good. It's good to talk to with your passion and all of those ideas and protects that you're doing, but I do recall, like, there was a time when I was doing things, and they were running in lots of different directions. It was sort of directionally aligned, but... Yeah Like, quite divergent, and the brain economy framework, almost, like, I never thought about it this way. It was almost like a convergent strategy for my own sanity. Oh, mate, thank you. I also have, like, a small child, who's two, and we're having another child, so... Oh. This gives it all, like, a framework, and... has allowed me to attract resources to get, like, basically consulting people to help to operate it. Ugh. So if it's big enough that it can benefit you, then that's great. That's so exciting. That makes so much sense. I will also, I will remember that, and what is, an organizational strategy for my sanity is just such a good way to put it. It's like building a shelf for all of the kooky things I've collected or something. I don't know. There's some better analogy, but um, But thank you. And some academics will say, Right, with you and with me. Oh, okay, you, like, you say that you're doing brain economy or whatever, but these things are, these are sort of apples and oranges that you're putting together into a fruit salad, and, and, you know, you and I deep down, though, yeah, sure, they are. You know, like, I can't really meld all this shit together. From a pure, traditional academic perspective, but it's like, why not? Yeah, like... Yeah, why not? I don't really want to live my life according to the way I'm people tell me that things need to be done, and, you know, I can tell you, you and I can point to models where this has been done before. You know, I can point to natural capital and say, Fuck you, it's been done before. You know, and I can give you many examples of how it's been done before. So, you know, you can stand behind arguments like that to, you know, feel good about the way that you're integrating things together or collapsing diverse projects into a, into a sort of broad umbrella. Yeah, I mean, like you said, there's precedent. Yeah, when you said that, um, I loved studying classification as part of PhD. There's this book Bauker and Star sorting things out. It's kind of this canonical STS information science, and it's all about, of course, that classifications are social constructs and stuff. So, there's even that point, like you said, but then there's also the point I get so frustrated of like, yeah, they are apples to oranges. But I just want to go up one level and call them all fruit, you know, and that's the level I want to work at. And that's, and like you said, then you go and you find precedent of doing something at that level. You know, I've been sitting here being like, I guess I could go within companies and advise on like ethics of designing their individual product. You know, and then I'm like, I just don't want I don't want to start a wraparound services consulting firm where I'm working at individual company levels. I want to be so much more in a macro or field level. And I've been, I've been looking around for, for, like you said, precedent, things where that's being done. Um, and then here you pop up on my Google calendar and say that it's an option. Um, it's very cool. It's very cool. Yeah, well, we can keep talking about the way that you categorize yourself as well. Yeah. where you sort of design the schema of, sort of, brain AI, and how you attack that, and you can imagine some, like, nice and visual. Yeah. It also sort of explains you in your unique way that you pull in corporates and products and services and BCI and ethics and governance. Wow. Because it probably has never been described before, the way that you're doing it, but it deserves its own, like, name. Oh, my God. Yeah, that, I, I don't know, you can't, like the, the strength of emotion, right? It's so exciting. I think it hasn't been and I feel like you're the person who knows how to do that. Um, So, so yeah, I'm just, I'm so excited and, and, and grateful for your, yeah. Yeah, for your insight. Okay, so on that note, it seems like maybe the best thing for me to do. I have taken a bunch of notes here, but like even that last thing you just said, Probably, I mean, I'll just go and I'll take some time putting a draft together, and then maybe we can talk about it again before we kind of send it off to the other folks, if that makes sense. be nice to come talk with you. Cool. Sure. Yeah, no, this is overseeing, you know, your... It's compared to culture, you're fascinating. We know a lot of people in common and stuff, so this is very high priority to help you and figure all this stuff out, and, um, there's, you know, there's some little steps we can take, and, and figure out other things beyond that. Yeah, no, I really, I really, really appreciate it. fun. Are you ever in New York, by the way? I mean, I would love to spend some time with you in person, but I think just let me know, I guess. Yeah. I, I, yeah, in September, I'm gonna be there, but I, not, not before then, I, I don't, I might, I have, like, lots of friends there, and my godmother, so my daughter is in, in Brooklyn, but, um, Sweet. I don't have occasion to be there. I zoom in and out, of course, lots. Like, we're doing now, but... sure Yeah, my little boy is due in the first week of May. Oh, forget about it. Yeah. Yeah, it's the main constraint. That's very sweet. That's very exciting. Okay, well then, yeah, so we'll do this again. Um, like this, and And yeah, again, I appreciate you prioritizing it. And, um, And send over anything you think. Yeah. I mean, I feel like you have a good sense of me now. Anything you send over, I'll just use it to kind of help build out my. a little bit of a paradigm shift in my head. You know, I think you've kind of given me a model for how I can think about it, which is really exciting, but I've been trying to find. So anything that you can think of that you want to send over, but of course, not in a burdensome way, just if it pops in your mind, please feel free to. Um, and I'll just reach out to you. Yeah, in the next couple weeks or something, probably after Europe, and we can go from there. Does that sound good? Yeah, it's good. That's a good plan. I'm sending you one paper. Right. Which we're gonna submit to, um, nature, machine intelligence. Cool. Okay. And then another one on brain economy, political economy. Mm. And so these are ones that I develop with Italian economist. Piero Luigi, Saco, and um, I think they both fit your interest very well. So, it's given a, given a look, and we can call onto them. Amazing. Wow, such fun. Easy, easy way to work on stuff, right? Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. To jump in. Yeah, I'm so I'm excited for this whole combo. and excited to know you and continue this conversation over time. This is just great. Um, yeah, amazing. Well, have a good rest of the holiday, as it were. Thank you, training. I'm gonna go for a mountain bike ride in the rain, 'cause it's raining here for the next, like, 10 days, so I'm just gonna buck and ride in the rain. Totally. Just buckle in totally. Yeah, but just, just, just do it. Yeah, it is a nice vibe too. you know, like there's some quality to that. I think. at the mercy of the, yeah. Tr cool. Yeah. Okay, cool. smells of the wet mud and blah, blah. Yeah, I love it. I'm gonna have the opposite sterile. I'm half marathon training. I'll have a nice sterile run in the gym. Um, but whatever, it's always running. Yeah. Okay. Well, it's probably too cold in New York. Is it still really fucking cold? You know, it's really too cold, and also there's these mountains of, like, snow ice. I don't know if you've heard about this. The city has become unmanageable. Yeah, they just like refuse to melt. So it's like, you know, you can't really use this sidewalk. It's very strange. It's it's the saddest dystopia. Um, but yeah, so gym for now. but amazing. Enjoy your pride. I'm so excited to talk again, but we'll be in touch. All right, cheers, Bug. All right, well, good luck in Europe. Thank you. Leave them. Bye. Cheers, bye bye. Bye.